Okay… so the game is played on a chess board.  Dice rolls are used for both movement and battles.  You win the game by capturing the other player’s King, 
just like in chess.  

In any battle, the attacker rolls first, then the defender.  The higher dice roll wins.  If both players roll the same number, the defending piece wins.


(More complicated additional rule that I added but is not absolutely necessary:  In the event that an attacking piece rolls a number higher than it’s even 
possible for the defending piece to beat and the defending piece follows it up by rolling the maximum number they can possibly roll, the defending piece 
wins a “safety” which forces a do-over of the battle.)


FIGHTERS
Attack: D20
Defend: D6
Move:  D6, straight in any direction, can make one change in direction mid-move

DEFENDERS
Attack:  D6
Defend:  D20
Move: D4, straight in any direction
Special move:  If they are adjacent to both an enemy piece and their own king, they can pick up the enemy piece and feed it to their king.

DRONES:
Attack: D10
Defend: D10
Move:  D6, not diagonal
Special move: Can transform into a bomb

BOMBS:
Attack/defense: Any battle involving a Bomb ends in the destruction of both attacker and defender
move:  D4, can make one change in direction mid-move

(Alternate rules:  You can make the bombs explode bigger.  For instance also taking pieces out around them and not just the one they’re on.  
There should be some kind of safety against this collateral damage however… a saving throw or a coin toss to see if you survive or die.  
Games end much more quickly if bomb explosions have extended range.)

QUEEN
Attack: three D6
Defend:  three D6
Move:  Any direction, as far as she wants.

KING:
Attack: always wins
Defense: always loses
Move: 1

I’ll attach art for the original pieces I made.  But there’s no BOMB piece.  When playing the game, we’d simply place a penny on top of the drone to
 indicate that it’s changed into a bomb.  Maybe when the Drone goes into self-destruct bomb-mode we could indicate that by having it’s colors rotate 
 through a rainbow spectrum in an old-school arcade game kind of way.  Or maybe green drones flash through a spectrum of green and red drones flash 
 through a spectrum of red.

 
Also, there could be variations on the load-out of the arrangement of your pieces.   King and Queen at least should stay where they are.
best wishes,

James Kochalka


AND:
Also… we can use the name Glorkian Chess.  PixelJam is cool with it.
 It would be great to make the game as an iPad app that people could play head-to-head.  Also it should be playable against computer controlled player.

 best wishes,
 James Kochalka